/* 
 * First things first, I am too accustomed to the IDE format! So, I used Visual Studio Code, copied the code, and then committed my changes via the terminal.
Program 1
The way I planned out this program was to first, construct the methods. I had to write the static methods. I had first start with the factorial method, sum method, then the Fibonacci sequence method. As for all the methods, I had to make sure that it returns the right value in terms of the parameter, which was ‘int’. While making the sum and factorial method (not taking a long time), the Fibonacci method had a little bit more time than expected on it. Figuring out whether to use the iteration or recursion method. And I basically chose the recursion method. After that in my main method, I inputted the scanner and print stream class to read and print to file/output. Since I am reading in files and troubleshooting the program while planning it out, I implemented a try, catch, and finally key word so I can further find an error in the program. Through a while statement, I scanned each number in the file as an int, invoked the methods corresponding to their individual print f statement. Then, what had me troubled was ‘how’ to display the previous Fibonacci numbers. So, I played around the for loops at the end and figured it out. Finally, I then closed the files and ended it with a catch statement saying if it had an error retrieving the text file

Program 2
This program was the easiest program out of the 3. Based off the instructions, I knew it was going to be a long if else statement.  The way I constructed the program is that it doesn’t involve any methods and just everything in the main. This time there wasn’t any print to file direction and it was just a prompt to user kind of program like Homework #1. To have a different shape option for the program, I had to initialize a variable as a scanned integer for the user to get what he/she wants. Since the instructions asked for the area and perimeter to be given after a user input of a length, my system.out.println prompt had to before my if else statement. For each of the options, I had to scan another input which was either the radius, a side length, or a length and a side for the user to get the area of perimeter. In each if or else if statement, I constructed how each block of code for each option, was going to get calculated by finding the equations to get the area and perimeter for a circle, square, or rectangle. Then, the final else statement makes sure that if the user doesn’t input a choice other than 1,2, or 3, it prints out the statement “Invalid Choice”.

Program 3
From the given instructions of this program, I knew that I needed a method that could get the system’s current time and keyword that could get the time frame between the input files. First, I created the text file called ‘dates.txt’ and then planned out what approach I was taking to start the program. So in the beginning of the program, I imported ‘import java.time.;’ And with this program also, I decided not to use any methods to complete it. Now, under my main, I used the scanner class to read the input of the text file. In my text file, I formatted the dates like this “01-01-2022”. Since each line consisted of that type of formatting to retrieve each individual date, I knew that I had to use a delimiter in order for the scanner class to properly read the file. Previously, I initialed the variables that were going to represent each number in the file. Next, when I started my while loop, I had to use a try, catch, and finally just in case my file was read wrong or if there was something wrong with the program too. My delimiter was set for and dashes or potential whitespaces in the file. After that, I had to give an object for the given date off the scanning (inputFile.next) to establish the current date. Now, to obtain the difference between the files, I used the ‘.between’ method in order to get the differences in the input and current date. Then, I printed out the message to the console and finaly added the catch statement in case of an error. However, when I ran the program, there were characters that were hidden after the year date at the end of every line. So, I had to add a statement like: “yearString.replaceAll(\\s+, “”); in order to get rid of that error. That error took quite some time to figure it out, but I managed after a long period of time!
 */
